---
layout: post
release_version: "0.0-927"
title: "r0.0-927"
google_group_msg: 'clojure/L4e8DtzdThY/IHIBBpZ8PrQJ'
---

We have released JARs for ClojureScript to the Sonatype OSS
repository.  They will be uploaded to the Maven Central repository
within 24 hours.
We do not yet have any automated build/release cycle for
ClojureScript. If you want to track the latest ClojureScript
development, please continue to use Git.


## Sample project.clj

Leiningen users can use a project.clj file similar to the following:

    (defproject foo "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"
      :description "FIXME: write description"
      :dependencies [[org.clojure/clojure "1.3.0"]
                     [org.clojure/clojurescript "0.0-927"]])

To start immediately without waiting for Maven Central, add Sonatype
OSS to your public repositories like this:

      :repositories {"sonatype-oss"
                     "http://oss.sonatype.org/content/groups/public/"}


## About Version Numbers

ClojureScript has no "release" versions yet. Instead we have a
revision number, calculated as the number of commits on the master
branch since the beginning of the project. ClojureScript is currently
at revision 927. In Maven/Leiningen, this is represented as version
"0.0-927".


## Dependencies

ClojureScript depends on four things:

### 1. Clojure 1.3 or later

Published by us. Not declared as a dependency: add it to your project
build configuration.

### 2. Mozilla Rhino JavaScript engine

Published by Mozilla.

### 3. Google Closure Compiler

Published by Google. Pulls in a bunch of other dependencies including
Guava, Protocol Buffers, and Ant. You may choose to ignore these or
exclude them in your project build configuration.

### 4. Google Closure Library

Published by us as org.clojure:google-closure-library, version
"0.0-790", where 790 is the Subversion revision number we are using.
The most recent SVN revision does not currently work with
ClojureScript.
