---
layout: post
title:  "r0.0-2496 - cljs.test - a clojure.test port"
---

([original Mailing List post](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/clojurescript/gnCl0CySSk8/_bA95j80KHQJ))

Leiningen dependency information: 

    [org.clojure/clojurescript "0.0-2496"] 

The big change in this release is a port of the clojure.test namespace 
- cljs.test. 
It is largely compatible with clojure.test and implements enough 
functionality such 
that we could port all of the existing tests to it. It's also featureful enough 
to support a ClojureScript port of test.check that is underway. 
cljs.test is compatible 
with all of the optimization settings provided by the compiler including :none. 

Still cljs.test may not satisfy all the patterns that people have come to expect 
from clojure.test so feedback (and enhancement/fix patches) is very welcome. 

On the way we implemented changes to the compiler in order to make 
custom testing 
frameworks simpler to implement - this includes compiler support for 
:test metadata as well 
as introducing static vars. 

ClojureScript does not have vars, however there are var patterns that 
are largely 
static in nature and useful for metaprogramming and REPL interactions. Towards 
this end we've implemented the `var` special form and introduced very restricted 
functionality - metadata is the primary use case. 

```clj
(defn foo []) 
(meta #'foo) ;; will return the expected metadata 
```

cljs.test is implemented on top of this functionality as well as a new namespace 
cljs.analyzer.api which I think macro writers will find quite useful. 

Also there's a doc macro now in the cljs.repl namespace that works as expected. 
Patches welcome to bring all the useful bits of clojure.repl into cljs.repl. 

## 0.0-2496 

### Enhancements 
* cljs.test added, mirrors clojure.test 
* New cljs.analyzer.api namespace for easier access to analysis info from macros 
* New cljs.analyzer.api namespace for easier access to analysis info from macros 
* Support :test metadata on vars 
* Support static vars 
* cljs.source-map for client side source mapping 
* expose ClojureScript :warnings build option 
* CLJS-909: Add stable api for consumers of compiler data. 

### Changes 
* convert all ClojureScript tests to cljs.test 
* add volatile! from Clojure 1.7 
* stateful transducers use volatile! 
* added `js-debugger` macro, compiles to "debugger;" 
* CLJS-892: Improve performance of compare-symbols/compare-keywords 
* CLJS-696: remove arguments usage from defrecord constructor 
* unroll `partial`, copy & pasted from Clojure core.clj 
* optimize clojure.string/join 

### Fixes 
* fix `cljs.nodejs/enable-util-print!`, incorrectly monkey patched 
`cjls.core/string-print` instead of setting `cljs.core/*print-fn*` 
* cljs.reader bug, '/ incorrectly read 
* avoid emitting the same goog.require 
