---
layout: post
release_version: "1.7.28"
title:  "r1.7.28 - Optional Self Hosting"
google_group_ann: "clojurescript/Z6xD9UthbvQ/gsLMbURGAgAJ"
---

ClojureScript now has a proper version number. This version number is
designed to reflect feature parity with Clojure.

The primary new feature of this release is optional
self hosting. ClojureScript can now run either on the JVM or directly on
JavaScript. Please refer to the docstrings in the new cljs.js
namespace for details on this functionality. cljs.js is designed to
enable new use cases (iOS, Android, interactive tutorials, snippet
sharing) not well served by the default compilation model.

The release also includes numerous bug fixes and enhancements.

This release also bumps the Clojure dependency to 1.7.0 and
tools.reader to 0.10.0-alpha3.

As always feedback welcome!

## 1.7.28

## Enhancements
* New namespace cljs.js provides analysis, compilation, and eval
* CLJS-1360: Refactor JS module processing to work with recent Google Closure compiler changes
* CLJS-1282: Add a :pprint option to the default reporter in cljs.test
* CLJS-1308: :analyze-path should be extended to take a vector of paths
* CLJS-1230: ES 2015 Module Processing
* CLJS-1231: AMD Module Processing
* CLJS-1092: CommonJS Module processing

## Changes
* CLJS-1376: Printing in a tagged literal data form
* CLJS-836: Replace seq-based iterators with direct iterator for all non-seq collections that use SeqIterator
* CLJS-1367: Expose default-warning-handler and warning-enabled?
* CLJS-1267: Added the :end-test-all-vars and :end-test-vars events to have end events for all cljs.test api functions
* CLJS-1337: Move parse ns side-effects into a separate compiler pass
* CLJS-1247: Split out error printing from regular printing
* CLJS-1329: Support for reading #js tagged literals in bootstrap
* CLJS-1191: rebased patch Update clojure.walk to the current version on clojure
* CLJS-1321: remove getNamespace & getName method calls from defrecord
* CLJS-1281: Preserve test order
* CLJS-934: In the REPL return vars after defs

## Fixes
* CLJS-1316 let does not detect invalid binding vector when it contains destructuring
* CLJS-1033: take a drop accept nil as n argument
* CLJS-1324: Compiler fails to raise warning/error when invoking a keyword without arguments
* CLJS-1352: cljs.js: Allow conditional readers
* CLJS-1348: meta is printing for def at REPL
* CLJS-1342: cljs.reader/read-string should throw Error when not called with string
* CLJS-1341: Fix CommonJS conversion bug
* CLJS-1333: Analyze meta on quoted symbols
* CLJS-1210: Javascript built-in arguments replaces nil arguments locally defined by let
* CLJS-1248: alter-meta! does not work on vars
* CLJS-1276: var equality differs from Clojure
* CLJS-1310: ns libspec error message misses :import
* CLJS-428: Added step to escape docstrings with */ and associated test
* CLJS-1331: Regex literal emits invalid JS
* CLJS-1338: NPE in confirm-var-exists if suffix is ".."
* CLJS-1319: Cannot locate module namespace when filename contains dash
* CLJS-1317: Incremental compilation issues for :nodejs target
* CLJS-1227 Raise error when if form has more than 4 statements
* CLJS-1306: Browser REPL :asset-path with leading slash breaks source map support
* CLJS-1290: :refer does not work with Closure JS namespaces
* CLJS-1307: Doc for ns missing
* CLJS-1301: local :foreign-libs are not picked up the first time browser REPL is started
